---
layout: post
title: Response 2 - Corpus
excerpt: "Response 2"
modified: 4/14/2023, 18:12:57
tags: [intro, beginner, jekyll, tutorial]
comments: true
category: blog
---

# How to Read a Book Without Reading the Book

Wow, so you are telling me that you are really looking for a way to read a book without actually reading the book... Don't close the page yet! I know it sounds like impossible, but I'm here to provide a solution for real. 

Let me introduce you to what is called "distant reading". [Distant reading](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Distant_reading) "is an approach in literary studies that applies computational methods to literary data, usually derived from large digital libraries, for the purposes of literary history and theory". Basically, it is to let your computer read the text for you, but it won't be simply returning a summary of the text. There are way more tasks it can carry out, and let's explore how they work on a specific book you probably know--*The Thousand Nights and a Night*.

## Example Analysis of *The Thousand Nights and a Night*

According to Wikipedia and ChatGPT, *The Thousand Nights and a Night* is a collection of Middle Eastern and South Asian folk tales compiled in Arabic during the Islamic Golden Age. The general idea is that a young woman, Scheherazade, tells a series of stories to her husband, King Shahryar, to prevent him from executing her as he did his previous wives. These engaging tales to save her life can be of adventure, romance, comedy, and more. Albeit their differences in plots, they all teach a moral lesson.

**Word Frequency and Word Cloud**

One easy yet interesting thing to do is to make a word cloud of it. 

**Word Trend**


**Other Things You Can Do**

These are just the tips of the iceberg.
compare different versions

### Constrains

## In Conclusion...

Just like how the summary of a book from ChatGPT can also be not true, the information provided by the text analyzing tools can also be misleading due to the tools' failure in the algorithm. It is definitely the most secure if you read the text on your own (even though your understanding can also be wrong but now that's your fault). Nevertheless, distant reading is for sure an extremely convenient way for one to quickly get the general idea of a text. What's more, the words extracted from the text can also be utilized 